a nine sides you're much wiser than you
think how would you describe a genius
Einstein's grand nephew who knows the
answer to every test question ever or
maybe it is a smart person who can solve
any problem we have news for you it is
not just about your genes grades or life
experience
scientists have revealed nine signs of a
wise person we bet you've ignored
counting down from number nine you don't
smoke
if you don't smoke you're doing the
right thing for your health give this
video a thumbs up if you're a nonsmoker
we've known it's a healthy and hence a
smart thing for a long time so what's
new here you might ask well the fact
that it means you might have more brains
than average dr. Mark Weiser who works
for sheba Medical Center in Tel Hashomer
and his colleagues believe there is a
link between smoking and intelligence
they found that the more you smoke the
lower your IQ is a study of 20,000 young
Israeli military recruits has shown that
18 to 21 year old non-smokers at higher
IQ scores than smokers those who live a
healthier lifestyle scored 101 regular
smokers ended with 94 points and the
result of those who smoked more than a
pack a day was around 90 points number
eight you're not the loud type oh you
might not be the heart and soul of every
party you might avoid the attention of
others someone might have made fun of
you because of this social inactivity
well don't worry about it super smart
people are mostly quiet just like you
they don't babble and they don't often
initiate conversations why they're too
busy thinking and if they have to say
something they think before they do it
they are mentally going through the
possible outcomes of every conversation
according to Susan Cain author of the
book quiet the power of introverts most
intelligent people are very reserved
they take everything seriously
everything including speaking silence is
actually good for your brain since it
gives you a chance to reflect and
analyze a study conducted by a Harvard
University scientist Randy Buckner
proved the same thing silence is golden
number seven you can find a connection
between just about anything
what does sushi and ice cream have in
common hmm
I know I know they're both eaten cold
and come in many varieties if this
answer or any other answer was
immediately evident to you you are very
likely to be super intelligent why
because you can see some patterns others
can't imagine this is the prerogative of
creative people and creativity and
genius are closely related the National
Center for Biotechnology information
shared the results of research conducted
by the University of grant scientists
stating just that creativity is about
drawing lines between what seems to be
disconnected to others it is possible
for those who have experienced more
things and have analyzed that experience
doesn't it sound like the definition of
being wise those wise people normally
come up with the most genius ideas so if
you are good at making up crazy stories
about unrelated concepts you have a mind
way brighter than average number six
you're a liberal I knew it I always knew
it just kidding I don't want to start a
political debate here however there is
some well reasoned explanation
brought to you by evolutionary
psychologists Satoshi Kanazawa and
published in social psychology quarterly
one of the signs of being super smart is
to be bold enough to accept ideas that
move our world forward being liberal
would not do much good to our ancestors
since
liberal beliefs greatly differ from
humans evolutionary beliefs James Bailey
George Washington University leadership
professor explained that accepting
liberal ideas is a way to show
superiority or elitism and it has to do
with higher IQ this point might serve as
a great conversation topic with your
conservative friends or maybe you are
that conservative friend please don't
take it personally number five you often
ask yourself the big questions have you
ever wondered why you are here and where
this planet is going what did you say
always if it does keep your mind busy
most of the time then you just found
another sign of super intelligence in
yourself the more you think about the
nature and future of everything around
you the more you realize different
scenarios are possible you know that at
some point it could all go wrong
and it's making you anxious being always
alert and prepared for whatever may come
your way is typical for smart people
over 100 students at Lakehead University
in Canada took part in a survey
organized by psychologist Alexander
penny and his colleagues students were
asked to share how often and what they
worried about it turned out that
students who confess they were always
worried about something showed higher
scores on intelligence tests you can
learn more about what anxiety has to do
with a genius mind in this video number
4 you're super loyal this one is true
for men
remember we said going against nature is
a sign of a bold bright mind
well this explanation works here as well
it is natural for males to try to spread
their seeds those who successfully beat
the desire to do it and are loyal
partners to just one special individual
tend to be smarter than those who cheat
and sleep around it is also explained in
that intelligent liberal study by
evolutionary psychologist Satoshi
Kanazawa
it's all a bit controversial when it
comes to females it may be different now
but through the course of history they
have benefited from having one constant
partner to support them and bring them a
big fat mammoth yeah this goes way back
number three you have surprising hobbies
no I am NOT saying weird by surprising
I mean hobbies unrelated to what you're
doing for a living but still giving you
inspiration for your main job if you are
a computer systems analyst who gets new
ideas from origami or a chef who is
inspired by furniture design you are
pretty much a creative genius it has to
do with the ability to relate the
totally unrelated and being bold enough
to try new things and design new
concepts if looking at a cake makes you
create mathematical algorithms
congratulations you're making a big step
ahead of the others Albert Einstein used
to enjoy sailing and we've all heard the
story of how Sir Isaac Newton was
inspired by a falling Apple to create
the Macintosh well not really hey these
aren't bad examples of looking for
inspiration in unexpected places right
number two you like to take risks when
we speak of risks we don't mean
life-threatening stuff like jumping off
the roofs and train surfing risks are
the new challenges and ideas that you
gladly try out of curiosity and quite a
bit of adrenaline as well here's one
example when you're driving and the
traffic light turns yellow
will you stop and wait for the next
green or rush before red turns on hmm
I think I would pump it in move forward
scientists at the University of Turku in
Finland asked 34 young men aged 18 to 19
the same question in a driving
simulation test it turned out that those
who made a quick decision to take a
little risk we're smarter than those who
prefer to wait why the research team
believes it is because they have a more
developed neural highway system in their
brains that highway is built of white
matter which is responsible for
transmitting information through the
brain the risk takers proved to have
more of that white matter than the
hesitate errs number one you bite your
nails this one is my personal favorite
nail biting has been largely considered
just a nervous habit yet recent studies
show it may be a demonstration of
perfectionism according to psychologists
such body focused habits as skin picking
pulling your hair or biting your nails
helps fight boredom and soothe
dissatisfaction and striving for
perfection in itself is a sign of
intelligence
so don't be ashamed of your bad habit
maybe you're just way too diligent have
you found any of these signs in yourself
or maybe you just realize your friend is
much wiser than you thought feel free to
share in the comments if you thought
this video was fun give it a thumbs up
when it gets 50,000 likes we'll create
another one with more super intelligent
symptoms subscribe to our channel to
never miss an update
you